Part 1
Step 2:
Q: How many Fast Ethernet interfaces does the switch have?
A: 24

Q: How many Gigabit Ethernet interfaces does the switch have?
A: 2

Q: What is the range of values shown for the vty lines?
A: 0-15
#
Q: Which command will display the current contents of non-volatile random-access memory (NVRAM)?
A: Command show startup-config

Q: Why does the switch respond with “startup-config is not present?”
A: Config is saved in RAM, not in NVRAM 

Part 2
Step 2:
Q: Why is the login command required?
A: Login is required for the process to work, it must have both login and password commands. If that wasn't done, we wouldn't be prompted to enter password

Step 7:
Q: What is displayed for the enable secret password?
A: 
enable secret 5 $1$mERr$ILwq/b7kc.7X/ejA4Aosn0
enable password c1$c0

Q: Why is the enable secret password displayed differently from what we configured?
A: It is because we enabled secret "itsasecret" command which changes the plain password to hashed password, it is done for the security reasons

Step 8:
Q: If you configure any more passwords on the switch, will they be displayed in the configuration file as plain text or in encrypted form? Explain.
A: As we enabled service password encryption, both should be still encrypted and shouldnt display in plain text. It should also work on any other fututre passwords, since the encryption is enabled throughout - user doesnt need to repeat the step again.
Now the password looks like this: password 7 082D495A041C0C19

Part 3
Step 1:
Q: When will this banner be displayed?
A: The message will be displayed once we exit from the config mode and when user is prompted to enter password. User will see the message followed by the password prompt.

Q: Why should every switch have a MOTD banner?
A: Banner is a good idea since it gives the user idea of what he is trying to access. It is a good practise to notify the user they are entering restricted/authorized area, this also warns any users that shouldn't have access to that certain location/config.

Part 4
Step 1:
Q: What is the shortest, abbreviated version of the copy running-config startup-config command?
A: 

Q: Examine the startup configuration file.
A: cop r s

Q: Which command will display the contents of NVRAM?
A: show startup-config

Q: Are all the changes that were entered recorded in the file?
A: Yes



